improve documentation for federation (#753)
wireapp/wire-server-deploy: offline/federation_preparation.md

```yaml
brig:
  config:
    sft:
      sftBaseDomain: example.com
      sftSRVServiceName: sft
      sftDiscoveryIntervalSeconds: 10
      sftListLength: 20
```

As well as SRV records for `_sft._tcp.example.com` which should resolve to A records with a public IP address of your sft servers.

```bash
dig SRV _sft._tcp.example.com +short
0 10 443 sftd2.example.com.
0 10 443 sftd1.example.com
```

### Networking (calling, mostly)

#### Federated Calling Traffic

In order for users on both federated backends to communicate, calling traffic needs to travel between your wire calling environment and the calling environment of your federation partner.

There are two options for how calling traffic is transfered between federating backends: with, or without DTLS.
If you have chosen DTLS, you need to have incoming port 9191 to your calling cluster.

### Communications
If you decide to use the DTLS transport option for federated calling traffic, you will need a trusted communication channel with your federation partner, in order to handle key material.

## Services

> **IMPORTANT:** In the following section you will be setting a *backend domain* for your wire-server. Once this has been set, and you have redeployed `wire-server`, do not change it anymore!!! 

Reviewer: sh
```suggestion
**IMPORTANT:** In the following section you will be setting a *federation domain* for your Wire installation. This domain can never be changed during runtime, and uniquely identifies your installation, both to other federated partners, and to your end user's devices. Touching this domain requires deleting all history on all attached environments! Once this has been set, and you have redeployed `wire-server`, do not change it anymore!!! 
```

Open `values/nginx-ingress-services/values.yaml`, add:

```yaml
federator:
  enabled: true
```

Uncomment federator in the domain list.

Get the latest root CA from your certificate provider in pem and use it as `secrets.tlsClientCA`.
NOTE: This is also required if you are using cert-manager!

```bash
d helm upgrade nginx-ingress-services charts/nginx-ingress-services/ -f values/nginx-ingress-services/values.yaml --set-file secrets.tlsClientCA=ca.pem
```

## Helm chart configuration

Open up your `values/wire-server/values.yaml` file and look for any federation related settings and enable or adjust accordingly. (`enableFederation`, `federationDomain`, `setFederationDomain`, `setFederationStrategy`, `setFederationDomainConfigs`)

```yaml
tags:
  federation: true
```

### Brig

```yaml
brig:
  config:
    enableFederation: true
    optSettings:
      setFederationDomain: example.com
      setFederationStrategy: allowDynamic # possible options: allowNone | allowAll | allowDynamic
      setFederationDomainConfigs:
        - domain: example2.com
          search_policy: full_search # possible options: no_search | exact_handle_search | full_search
```

#### setFederationStrategy

> Configuration for accepting federated requests. For more details, visit [docs.wire.com](https://docs.wire.com/understand/configure-federation.html#configure-federation-strategy-whom-to-federate-with-in-brig).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The 'setFederationStrategy' configuration option controls how your backend responds to federation requests from other backends. For more details, visit [docs.wire.com](https://docs.wire.com/understand/configure-federation.html#configure-federation-strategy-whom-to-federate-with-in-brig).
```

- allowNone - "disabled" federation
- allowAll - lets any BE federate (send requests to federator) 
- allowDynamic - only backends set in setFederationDomainConfigs can federate

#### setFederationDomainConfigs

> Configuration for inbound federated user lookup/search. For more details, visit [docs.wire.com](https://docs.wire.com/understand/configure-federation.html#configure-federation-strategy-whom-to-federate-with-in-brig).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The 'setFederationDomainConfigs' configuration option controls inbound user lookups and searches from other federated backends. For more details, visit [docs.wire.com](https://docs.wire.com/understand/configure-federation.html#configure-federation-strategy-whom-to-federate-with-in-brig).
```
